I beg you to forgive me.
I am sorry for my old age.
Please forgive me.
I will die.
I am sorry.
My mother's semble finished this song.
The birthvert was long gone.
When I come back my memories will turn into regrets.
Naaaahhh..
awkward JiuJia,
and Al,
Who is more Zaporova
to Vreepop famous for the
sin of bloodRIM?
you've never seen a
lowly bird
完
at
Kimру
k
goo
You, a sculpture,
run over a bloodimai
sword and porta
the bun you got
and sent me a value
triggered you to read
and pretent to be dead
It'll be...
it'll be me!
Weren't you worried that saying would come,
you'd have to forget that it would be you?
Then tell me...
what was ongoing...
and what are you doing to blame that?
Tell me and shoot me down.
Thanks for watching, please like, share and comment